[NARRATOR]
Last Dragon Ball Z Kai--
His patience at an end,
Frieza now prepares to
unleash the full reserves
of his awesome powers.
[GOKU] I know all
too well this may be
my one and only chance
to take him down...
It's also the only
chance I'll ever have
to see what
he's really made of.
Ah... Yaaaaahhh!
♪ Opening Song ♪
[FRIEZA] Aaaaah!
There we are. You wanted me
at my strongest, so here I am.
Do you want to finish this
or are you just
going to keep talking?
[chuckles]
[FRIEZA] Yaaahhh!
♪
[GOKU grunts]
[FRIEZA yells]
Too slow!
Aaahhh!
Huh? What the--?
[FRIEZA] Ahhh!
Missed me!
Yahhh!
Aaahhh!
[BOTH struggling]
Give it up, Frieza!
[GOKU panting]
[BOTH struggling]
♪
[GOKU groaning]
[FRIEZA panting]
Now... I understand if
you're impressed,
but I have a
confession to make...
That was a warm-up.
[GOKU heavy breathing]
What a relief.
Ha ha-- Erm!
I was beginning to worry
that was as strong
as you could get.
[grunting]
♪
[chuckling]
That's enough fooling around!
Time's up. This has been
fun, but you're finished!
Wait!
Before I wipe you
out of existence,
there's something
I think you should know.
You are good. In fact,
I'd venture to say you could
easily be the strongest
warrior in the universe...
[chuckles]
That is...
if it weren't for me.
Ohhhh! You've gotta
be kidding me!
[shudder] Why did he wait...?
If he hadn't let Frieza
reach full power,
we wouldn't be
in this mess!
Oh-ho-ho-ho...
[KAMI] King Kai...
Calling King Kai...
This is Kami of Earth.
Come in, King Kai!
[KING KAI] Yes, yes.
I'm here, I'm here!
What is it now, Kami?
[KAMI] I just received word
from Mister Popo and I thought
you would want to hear this...
It seems he's finally
discovered the location
of the seventh Dragon Ball.
[KING KAI]
And? Is that all...?
And, well... It's just...
It won't be very long before
the Dragon Balls
are all assembled.
And we'll be rescuing Tien
and Yamcha as soon as possible.
[KING KAI] Ah, yes.
Well, naturally, of course.
[KAMI] But unfortunately, for
reasons I mentioned earlier,
Chiaotzu cannot return.
Oh... that...
[KING KAI] Yeah... uh...
It won't be so bad, right?
Mh?
I'll stay and
keep you company.
You'd do the same
for me. I know you would.
I know you mean well,
but you have to go!
Well, I'm not leaving the
two of you here by yourselves.
I'm staying!
Don't be stupid! You're the
one person who can't stay!
Did you forget about Bulma?
Ah-- No, but--
Hey, woah!
Keep it down, will ya?
[KING KAI] Now, are
you sure it's possible
for those Dragon
Balls to bring back
two people at the same time?
[KAMI] Well, yes, if they
share common circumstances.
For example, I was
planning to ask Shenron
to resurrect everyone
killed by Vegeta
and his cohorts on Earth,
which should actually revive
a large number of people.
Ooh...
[KING KAI] That alone
makes them superior
to the genuine Namekian
Dragon Balls.
What if the people
we wanted to bring back
weren't on Earth.
What if they were
on a far away planet?
Would it still work then?
[KAMI] Ah... Perhaps. But why
would you ask such a thing?
Are you now hoping to resurrect
everyone in the whole universe
who's been killed by Vegeta?
Hm. I suppose it's possible.
However, there still are limits.
This method would only
be efective for those
who died within
the previous year.
Anyone who died prior to that
would be lost
forever I'm affraid.
[KING KAI] One more question.
Let's say we wanted
to bring back someone
who died of old age. Could we?
[KAMI] No. Unfortunately
a death by natural causes
cannot be reversed.
[KING KAI] What if this person
is someone who didn't die as a
direct result of Vegeta's
actions, but instead
this person's life was shortened
slightly and indirectly?
Hmmm...
[KING KAI] "Hmmm" is right.
Could we bring him back then?
[KAMI] That is a good question.
One that's never
actually come up.
It's standard reason that the
person in question would be
allowed to return for the
amount of time by which
their life was
shortened but...
I can't be sure.
[KING KAI] Hmmm...
[TIEN] I don't understand.
What's wrong?
Alright! It's decided.
Kami, I need you to
change the wish for me!
Say, "Bring back
everyone who was
killed by Frieza and
his evil henchmen."
Uh... Pretty please?
[nervous chuckle]
[KAMI] Everyone who was killed
by Frieza and his henchmen?
What's this
all about, King Kai?
What exactly are
you trying to pull?
[KING KAI] We don't
have very much time,
so I'll try to keep it simple.
First, we use the
Dragon Balls on Earth
to bring back everyone
who fell to Frieza or his men.
If there's truly no limit
to the number of people
we can bring back
with a single wish,
we'll save almost the
entire Namekian race.
And from what it sounds like,
maybe even the Grand Elder
for a short time.
Now unless I'm mistaken,
the Namekian Dragon
Balls were only used for
two of their
three wishes, right?
And they stopped working
when the Grand Elder died.
But if we can bring him back,
and I realize that's
a pretty big "if",
then the Namekian Dragon
Balls should theoretically
reactivate, allowing us
to access the third wish!
And... what then?
Then, we wish for
everyone on Planet Namek--
Goku, the newly
resurrected Namekians,
everyone except
Frieza, of course--
to be instantly and safely
transported to Planet Earth!
I understand... But to risk
so much on such a gamble...
[KING KAI] This means
you'll all be staying here
for a little
longer than expected.
Is everyone okay with that?
It's fine with me.
I can't go back anyway.
Hm. Count me in, too.
After all, they can
bring us back next year.
Then that makes
all three of us.
Glad to help.
Good!
[KING KAI] You heard them,
Kami. Now please hurry!
Make the wish
before that fiend
vaporizes Planet Namek!
[KAMI] Alright. I'll alert
Mister Popo immediately.
Let's just pray that
this actually works!
♪
Why's it taking you so
long to find one measly pod?
Come on! We don't
have much time left
until the planet
is destroyed!
If we're still here, I don't
think we're gonna make it!
No. Of course we won't.
Do not patronize me!
You have no idea what
I've gone through lately,
Gohan. It's been horrible!
It's been horrible
for all of us!
[BULMA] Yes, but
it was worse for me!
I've been chased by dinosaurs,
turned into a frog,
and if that's not enough,
I was almost crushed
by giant rocks!
[BOTH gasp]
There! That's
it. The ship.
I knew it had to be
around here somewhere!
See, I told you we'd
find it! Let's go home!
♪
Hey, wait!
You can't go now!
I'm not even on board!
What are you waiting for?
Aren't you coming inside?
Yes, but... it's so dark...
I wonder if there's been
some kind of malfunction
in the electrical su--
[screams]
That is weird. The
lights were definitely on
when I was here earlier.
[BULMA] Watch out!
This... floor is
a little slanted.
Now I'm not very familiar
with this model, but...
Maybe this?
Ah! [laughs]
[screaming]
Oh my goodness. Is that
Piccolo or am I losing it?
Yeah. That's him.
What is he even
doing here, anyway?
Look at him! He's a mess.
[BULMA] Does he really
have to come with us?
We can't just
leave him. He saved us.
My dad and I owe
our lives to Piccolo.
And I'll make sure
that he gets back to Earth
no matter what happens!
That's sweet of you,
but we really don't know
if that's what he
would have wanted.
I think he would want
to be burried here,
on his home planet.
Fine! We'll bring him with us.
[BULMA] I guess it'll be okay
as long as he stays unconscious.
This planet won't
last much longer.
By my estimation, you
only have two minutes...
or three.
[FRIEZA] Hm. Are you
nervous yet, Super Saiyan?
I see... You're buying time.
Enough for the
boy and the others
to get off the planet.
[laughing]
I'll let them go for now,
but know that
even if they do escape,
I will track them down
and finish what I started.
I don't have to buy time.
Not anymore. You're finished.
Huh?
After all you've done,
you don't deserve to live.
♪
[laughing]
No one speaks to Frieza
like that and walks away!
You've got a big mouth and
it's time I shut it for you!
[GOKU] What's taking Gohan
and the others so long?
Hurry up, guys!
[power yell]
Aaahhh!
[grunting]
Hyah!
[GOKU grunts]
Ahhh!
[FRIEZA] Aaahhh!
[grunts]
This place is falling apart!
We have to take off now!
[BULMA] If we don't,
we'll never make it!
[BULMA] Initiating lauch!
Not so fast!
We have to wait for Dad.
He'll be alright. I promise.
If anyone can find a
way off this rock, it's him.
There's still time, Bulma.
After everything
he's done for us,
we can't just leave
him here by himself!
Please! Just give him
a few more minutes, okay?
But... Gohan... I...
♪
[KAMI] Don't give up, Piccolo.
We both have to
make it through this!
Or else all hope is lost!
[MR. POPO] Kami... Kami!
We have them. The Dragon
Balls. They're all here now.
We can make
the wish at any time.
[KAMI] Excellent.
♪
[screams]
Euugh!
Ye who has summoned me,
speak your wish
and it shall be granted.
Oh Great Shenron... So many
innocent people have been
harmed by Frieza
and his evil minions.
Can they be returned to us if
they're on a far away planet?
I know not, but I shall try.
[MR. POPO] I was hoping
for a definite "yes,"
but we'll take
what we can get.
Please Shenron,
do the best you can!
[KING KAI wincing]
Aaauuuhhh!
See you in Hell, Frieza!
[NARRATOR]
Time is running out!
Can these two mighty
titans settle their bout
before the planet explodes?
And can Shenron successfully
carry out King Kai's wish?
These questions
will be answered.
Find out, on the
next Dragon Ball Z Kai!
♪ Closing Song ♪
[GOKU] Hey! It's me, Goku!
I'm going to
defeat you, Frieza.
Then I'm going home to Earth!
[FRIEZA] If that's
how you're going to be,
I'll have to teach
you some manners.
Just like I did with that
pathetic little bald one.
[GOKU] His name is Krillin!
And you'll pay for that!
Next time, on
Dragon Ball Z Kai:
[GOKU] Like it or not,
I have to do this!